LocalKeyVault KeyVault Service Enhancement (#283)
repository-service-tuf/repository-service-tuf-worker: docs/source/guide/Docker_README.md

* LocalKeyVault (local file system)
  - Required variables:
    - ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_PATH``
      - Define the path for the container volume mounted
        Example: ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_PATH=/var/opt/repository-service-tuf/key_storage``

    - ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_KEYS``
      - Define the key(s) with format ``<file>,<password>,<(optional) type>``
        - file: defines the key file
          - `base64|<key content in base64>` allows to inform directly the key content.
            It will dynamically manage the file in the

>             ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_PATH``

Author: See https://github.com/repository-service-tuf/repository-service-tuf-worker/pull/283/files#r1189952086

            Requires content as base64.

            Example: ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_KEYS=base64|LnRveC8KdmVudi8KLmlkZWEvCi52c2NvZGUvC...,strongPass,rsa``

        - password: credential used to load the key
        - (optional) type: The key type. Default: `ed25519`

          [Note: At the moment RSTUF Worker supports `ed25519`, `rsa`, `ecdsa`]

        Example: ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_KEYS=online.key,strongPass,rsa``

      - Support multiple keys with separator ``:``.

>         **It is used in case of metadata/online key rotation.**

Author: It is not the **only** case.
It is valid if you're migrating data from one file to another.

Example: An organization decides that keys must have a specific extension due to some internal policy. You need to rename `online-key` to `online.key`

>         **It is used in case of metadata/online key rotation.**

Reviewer: We should think of a way to make it clear that the first valid key will only be used.

* LocalKeyVault (local file system)
  - Required variables:
    - ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_PATH``
      - Define the path for the container volume mounted
        Example: ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_PATH=/var/opt/repository-service-tuf/key_storage``

    - ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_KEYS``
      - Define the key(s) with format ``<file>,<password>,<(optional) type>``
        - file: defines the key file
          - `base64|<key content in base64>` allows to inform directly the key content.

>             It will dynamically manage the file and write a key file in

Reviewer: I just realized I recommended referring to the file twice:
```suggestion
            It will dynamically manage and write a key file in
```

            ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_PATH`` (write permissions required).

            Requires content as base64.

            Example: ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_KEYS=base64|LnRveC8KdmVudi8KLmlkZWEvCi52c2NvZGUvC...,strongPass,rsa``

        - password: credential used to load the key
        - (optional) type: The key type. Default: `ed25519`

          [Note: At the moment RSTUF Worker supports `ed25519`, `rsa`, `ecdsa`]

        Example: ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_KEYS=online.key,strongPass,rsa``

>       - Support multiple keys with separator ``:``.
> 
>         It accepts multiple keys, but RSTUF supports only one online key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Accepts multiple keys separated by ``:``.

        It accepts multiple keys, but RSTUF supports the usage of only one
        online key for signing.
```

>         The Local Key Vault will find the key that matches the online key
>         defined in the Root metadata. It is helpful for metadata/key rotation
>         for cases without disruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The Local Key Vault will find the key that matches the online key
        defined in the root metadata.
        Allowing multiple keys is helpful for performing metadata/key
        rotation without disruption.
```

        Example: ``RSTUF_LOCAL_KEYVAULT_KEYS=online.key,strongPass:online-rsa.key,newStrongPass,rsa``

      - This environment variable supports container secrets when the

>         ``/run/secrets`` volume is added to the path. The content must to be
>         the standard format ``<file>,<password>,<(optional) type>``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ``/run/secrets`` volume is added to the path. The content must be
        in the standard format ``<file>,<password>,<(optional) type>``
```
